# VersioningWithATeam


Colin Thomas - I spent most of this summer working. I go around installing networking stuff like security cameras and wireless access points. When I wasn't working I did some fun projects with microcontrollers. I specifically wanted to look in to operating systems made for microcontrollers. I learned a lot about the theory behind operating systems. This lead me to looking in to linux kernel development. The idea that anyone can submit patches to the linux kernel is pretty cool and I'd like to do it eventually. <br /><br />

Jakob Lamb - Most of my time was spent at work this summer. I was able to change departments at my store at the beginning of summer, which came with a small raise. While I wasn't at work, I was playing a lot of Animal Crossing with my friend trying to get our 5 star islands. We also played a lot of Borderlands 2 together. I also been trying to learn more web development. I've been trying more html, css, and javascript because I want to make a portfolio website sometime down the line. During the summer it was also my 21 birthday so I think I'm officially an adult now. Overall, a fun summer despite what we have been going through this year.<br /><br /> 

Duan Rollins - I spent most of the summer working as well. I worked for my local Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chicago, IL. I was working a lot to get a car for the upcoming school year and I succeeded in doing so. If I wasn't working, I would either be playing my Ps4 or spending time with my girlfriend; I would also be learning more about Web Developement so I can pursue a career into it. I really like web programming because you can do so much in terms of creativity. <br /><br />

Matthew Schrag - I spent most of the summer working at my local Culvers. As it turned out we had some of our busiest weeks since we opened this past summer so it was a fairly tiring job at times. Outside of work I took web programming online over the summer. I also started to learn how to play the ocarina in my free time. I also finally started to work on getting my license after having a permit for a while. <br /><br />

Nathaniel Barber - My summer for the most part was pretty active for the circumstances we are in. I started off the summer by continuing to work as a lifeguard at my local poll because we opened up for the summer. I continued just doing that until the summer semester started. I took two classes during the summer, one over statistics and the other over web development. I enjoyed working on the courses, however, at some points, it felt a bit rushed on time with all the things I would have to do during a week! I did this for most of the summer until the semester ended. Once it was over, my family and I went on a trip to a lake house in Northern Wisconsin. After returning from there I continued working at the pool up until the semester started! Overall, It was a pretty action-packed summer considering the state of the world at this time! <br /><br />

Erick Sands – I spent most of my time over the summer working. I took an internship with the US Marshals, and it was a lot of fun learning all of the stuff they get to do and how they do it. When I wasn’t working, I was watching movies or playing video games with friends. I also did a lot of yard work for my grandparents.
